Hello
can't
here's another bike we
collected from a great customer this joanne
battleship
such a success . at the goblin
icons not by amount equipment
did we put a little
electric motor and velmi not some
principle is not particularly noticeable that it
no ordinary sleeve assol it is compatible with
disc brake conventional 6 bolts
freewheel
there is a cassette of stars on 8 stars on
cad he is very light as usual
bushings spun and the wheel continues
rotate
from the engine we have cable
controller controller is located
small handbag
The battery is very compact and very
easily removed for this insert the key
Now turn the battery we like
note u battery is very
high quality gold plated connectors
there is a number of his removal settings not
will affect the quality of contacts
enough durable system and
keeps it very tight vibration
excluded
By the way, the battery is mounted on ordinary
two mounting bolts for ga holder
though they need to take a little longer
What is Zavadsky because WESU
here we put in recorded all
Batteries are not removed here with us
charge connector charging from
laptop on everything is very similar
operating principle .
we have installed on the steering wheel, we
control panel on the control panel
plus or minus we can increase
reduce
reduce the power of our assistant
pedals and further we can if we put
on 0 then the controller does not respond to
pedaling we can just ride
like a regular bike
if we put one or more by at
pedaling turns on the engine
the more power correspondingly
he is more powerful
the display shows us the percentage and charge
battery level pass this assistant
pedals speed the biggest numbers
thirty four and a half kilometers to
hour in limbo in real
life under load it will be somewhere 32
kilometer an hour when fully charged and here
when we arrived about sleep
calculate how much charge we have
in this mode, that is, at the maximum
20 percent speed would be enough for us
another 6 kilometers in the corner
right run for one trip if we
we clamp on the control panel right
bottom key then we switch to
home mode only have it run for
all the time to reset mileage
for one trip switch to mode 3
minus we reach zero and clamp minus
Here we have zero run for one
the trip
the gas knob the harder we press
faster we can not click I just
put the sensor pass on the one we need
level and it will help us how much
you need here's how it looks on the steering wheel then
everything is pretty beautifully composed
connectors are very compact everything looks
well worth it
by the way
who cares what the sensor looks like on
pedals here it is
on the right side the sensor comes out of it
the wire is fastened under the carriage nut
and on the left is a plastic washer with magnets
here it turns past the sensor and so
way
gives a signal to the controller that we twist
pedals so i can demonstrate how
he picks up speed
if we don't pedal here yasir
push the gas go
a little uncomfortable with one hand is all
do of course here we pedal on
C grade I easily easily spin the pedals but he
it speeds me up quietly enough that's all
works
very soft and intuitive
thank you all see you soon